{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red18\green19\blue24;\red255\green255\blue255;\red11\green93\blue173;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c8627\c9804\c12157;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c45098\c73333;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15060\viewh13320\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 1. 
\f1\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
WorkDocs microsoft AD connectivity:\
2. 
\f2\b0 \cf2 Limit Increase: VPC\
3. Chat: AWS Backup Tag based Backup\
4. EC2 Image Builder breaking change in Image Pipeline cron schedule expressions [AWS Account: 165387667510]\
5. Best Practices for EC2 Instance Management\
6. Chat: Fargate spot interruption log\
7. Chat: Lambda function not able to get Cluster details\
8. Call: Validate Image Builder secuirty features and parameterize during runtime\
9. Chat: not able to connect the server through session manager\
10. Chat: cannot update the configuration file in container\
11. Chat: Need guidelines for permission\
12. How the bucket/Objects will be impacted by enabling Block public access (bucket settings)\
13. Metrics not populating for EC2\
14. Chat: AWS Glue support for Spark Jobs\
15. Chat: SSM manager output to S3 buckets\
16. Chat: Is other service creating S3 buckets using VPC endpoint\
17. Chat: how to create match patter\
18. Chat: CreateBucket is not logged, when I was creating the through cloudtrail\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 19. Call: Implementing credential source\
20. Chat: EMR : application provisioning failed issue\
21. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://console.aws.amazon.com/support/home#/case/?displayId=8147463881&language=en"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 Chat: How to check who created the buckets}}\cf4 \ul \ulc4 \
22. \cf2 \ulnone Chat: cannot create folder in bucket after apply policy\
23. Chat: Image builder pipeline failure for windows\
24. Chat: alram action return null\
25. Chat: cannot put object after enabling server side encryption policy\
26. Chat: Setup Excel in AppStream\
27. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://console.aws.amazon.com/support/home#/case/?displayId=8117933431&language=en"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul Stream MS Excel through AppStream}}\cf4 \ul \
28. \cf2 \ulnone Chat: application autoscaling\
29. Chat: Getting started with Redshift Aqua\
30. RDS Event Notification Issue. Upto page 12 & 11.\
31. Chat: no performance in EMR scaling
32. Inspector Reporting Critical Finding on Terminated Instance
33. Chat: how to use substitute number in definition
34. Alternative to Zeppelin Notebook Instance
35. Chat: scale policy
36. Chat: what is default web server
37. EC2 Image builder instance Metadata version update and Hop limit
38. Need Assistance to Troubleshoot AWS SFTP web client setup.
39. Chat: cannot terminate the instances
40. Chat: what is the least permission to attach IAM instance profile
41. Chat: least permission to associate instance profile an de associate profile
42. Chat: showing terminated instances
43. Chat: cannot describe images using aws step function
44. Chat: Resolving Critical/High Inspector Vulnerabilities for EMR
45. Chat: cannot run boto3 send command showing parameters not supported
46. Chat: how to run remote script command using boto3
47. Chat: boto3 latest version is not working
48. Chat: inspector2 module is not working in latest python runtime
49. Chat: cannot create the EC2 instance using custom input
50. Chat: how to list the findings as per instance basis using api calls
51. Chat: how to add aws inspector in step function
52. Chat: how to integrate AWS inspector and security Hub and autoremediate the findings
53. Chat: Job issue
54. Chat: How to create unmanaged compute environment
55. Chat: Better way to access resources from different accounts from one account
56. Chat: Pipeline runs longer time and timeout
57. Chat: EC2 instance volumes unencrypted and causing violation
58. Chat: Image builder to include the dynamic output tags
59. Chat: Not showing blocked requests in monitoringCall: Clarify on the base AMI features
60. Chat: blocking request using WAF
61. Chat: How to restore backup on existing database
62. Chat: Publish dimension to Log Metric
63. Chat: what is the order for running component
64. Chat: how to add blacklisting IP
65. Chat: User data not running successfully on recently created EC2of type t3.small
66. Chat: Need Remediation for findings
67. Chat: EMR base AMI has vulnerabilities detected
68. Chat: Need Clarification in Critical Patch Updates
69. Chat: Task gets timed out with shorter time frame
70. Chat: how to scan for vulnerablity with aws inspector while creating AMI
71. Chat: AWS CLI Command not working in userdata
72. Chat: Oracle RDS is not able to access S3
73. Call: Clarify on the base AMI features
74. Pipeline failure
75. How to implement Regional DR for the RDS
76. Chat: Is it necessary to stop instances before taking a snapshot of the root volume?
77. Chat: Need clarification on taking backup
78. Chat: SNS notification for Shield
79. Breaking down RDS spend in Cost Explorer (without Tags)
80. Chat: Need help in Remediation
81. Chat:AWS-RunPatchBaselineAssociation run against the EMR instances when provisioning
82. Chat: Assume role with ECS Task for S3 cross account access
83. Chat: how to rescan whenever we required
84. Chat: system manager does verify the windows updated on backend
85. Chat: EFS with Lambda fail with OS error
86. Chat: UI filter to monitor Step function metrics
87. Chat: what is the use of patch group in patchbaseline
88. Chat: Need help in creating dev end point Note book from CLI
89. Chat: how to run windows update
90. Call: SageMaker Notebook need to be added to Devpoint
91. Chat: is it possible to use server shared drive in lambda
92. Chat: SQS Client not on ec2 instance not able to talk to SQS
93. Chat: how to update window update using patch manager
94. Chat: How to update OS patches without downtime while Database is running
95. Create PHD notifications
96. Chat: What dependency I need to choose to use Glue in Spring boot application
97. Chat: cannot set JWKS url manually
98. Chat: Cannot create cloudfront distribution getting error
99. Chat: is it possible to place source code in s3
100. Chat: Loop through Lambda until condition is met
101. Chat: AWS CLI update_item failing
102. Chat: SSM connectivity failure
103. Chat: need clarification on how to authenticate user without clicking on IDP providers
104. Limit Increase: Simple Storage Service (S3)
105. Personal Health Dashboard
106. Chat: VPC flow logs will find load balancer error
107. Chat: Transfer files within folders in same bucket
108. Chat: Is AWS X-Ray show instance IP address under load balancer
109. Chat: how to monitor with Xray
110. Chat: Xray will get instance ID when it is getting error
111. Call: Rule not triggered
112. Chat: Unable to connect to the Image when using VPC Endpoint
113. Chat: How to customize the access log
114. Chat: what is the size unit
115. Chat: how to monitor ELB metrics and target instances
116. Chat: Need clarification on metric filter and event from cloudwatch log group
117. Chat: Container image is built and component download fails
118. Chat: how to analyze the access log in cloudwatch
119. Call: Code build fails to spin EC2 from AMI
120. Chat: Traffic from EC2 instance over :5000
121. Chat: Need Clarification on integration
122. Chat: how to find the faulty instance under load balancer when 5xx error occur
123. Chat: How to use application insight for application running on ec2
124. Long running windows update
125. Chat: need clarification on deploying lambda
126. Chat: need assistance on deployment
127. Chat: S3/BucketBlockPublicAccessDisabled is not working properly
128. Chat: redirect requests using lambda@edge
129. Chat: how to update the S3 bucket policy using cloudformation
130.

